So here is the draw.
The game interesting as it may seem, lacks coherence.
It needs more functonality.
And thats the next step.
Landmines offering remote detonability and the flag capture mechanism.
Pretty cool firework embedded into the game now.
Well if not a succeSSful game, it would at the least stand tall as a graphics animation program. However such chances are slim. 
Somebody using pejorative remarks about the game has to be a *******
Up next, flag mechanism.
Ok first things first.
No more flag mechanism. Its Key Mechanism now. Somehow the concept of a self detonating structure within the structures of doom, seems weirdly fascinating.
Finally 1500 lines of code have come together to form the third version of my project and hopefully it ends here.
An idea had dawned. Lets make a bloody game for the project. It seemed too farfetched to turn into reality. It still
seems so if I go over the source code. Well finally the journey has ended. The game is complete and worthy of being called a game. So whats next? 
No idea.
Minor Glitch.
The game..how do i put it delicately, um...well it goes to sleep when a bomb explodes..need to fix that soon. Try now.
Missile Added.
Done with the game...no more changes.
Fixed...
Done..
Amen

Improvement in the form of a sprite editor named SpriteSquash which lets the 
user edit game sprites and thus include minor animation to game objects.

OK, lessons learnt in trying to avoid coding additional festures into game:
1. Its no use trying to avoid yourself.
2. Its no use trying to let go of a cool new time induced feature.
3. Additional features are fun.
4. More rigorous thought leads to the concept of weapon packs and tank types.
   4.1. Weapon Packs -  Pretty much self explanatory.
   4.2. Tank Types   -  Durability, Explosion Power, etc.
5  And AI obviously.

Probably, well to be honest most probably, i am leading myslef down to 2000 or maybe 3000 or more '\n's along the way to realise the above lines.
But i guess the end product would turn out a proper GAME.

So now there are two types of Barriers. Probably the second should be called a Quantum Barrier. (Whats in a a name huh?)
And two other types of bombs which affect linearly.
Weapon Pack are sufficient.

To do:
Tank durability and stuff
AI 

